It's scribble time and Finn is choosing
a word. Did I mention that I'm recording
today's video on Firefox? Let me tell
you a bit more about it. Firefox is a
customizable browser that lets you
browse reliably and has privacy built in
from the start. My Firefox is customized
to look exactly how I want it, and you
can do the same. I've got all of my
bookmarks set up so that everything is
just one click away. And I also use
Firefox's secure password manager so I
never forget a password ever again. Your
bookmarks, passwords, and your open
tabs. Sync across all of your devices
means I can stay productive wherever I
am and gives me more time to play some
games. Whether I'm on my phone, laptop,
or tablet, I can pick up exactly where I
left off. There's also a really cool
picturein picture feature that you can
use by default on desktop. But my
absolute favorite feature is the Firefox
native screenshot tool. super easy to
use and it allows me to grab anything
from the screen at any time. I like to
use the dark reader extension so that I
can always be on dark mode and not burn
my eyes. Firefox also helps protect your
privacy with a built-in cookie blocker.
There's also alerts if a website has
been breached and of course a private
browsing mode so you can go fully
anonymous if you want. This means I can
browse worry-free while looking for
games to play with a voice. Firefox is
built for you to be able to browse
freely, safely, and with a touch of
personality. Recording on Firefox means
I can play securely and on a customized
browser that looks good on video. Give
Firefox a try and download it today.
Thanks Misilla for sponsoring us. And
let's get back into the video.
Okay. Why Why are you groaning like
that, dude? Boomay, my boy. We have a
very interesting custom word list. Oh my
god. What is this? Did you guys hear me?
Yes. A custom words list. Ooh. And it's
Rishi has made it. So, um, oh no, dude.
Prepare for an experience. Now, what is
What is this, Finn? You're trying. All
right, there we go. What do you want to
increase? Oh my god. What are you doing?
[Applause]
Hey, that was I thought for a second you
were about to do that kind of looks like
skin color. I don't have a uni. Okay,
we'll move on from I don't know. That's
what I thought he was maybe got to going
to do, bro. I don't know, bro. What am I
supposed to say? No way. Okay, here we
go. What are you typing? Um, and then I
mean, we can do that. Cran Cran is the
most See, you are I knew you would be
good at drawing this one. The I have a
little bit of experience here. Well,
don't say that. Now you're What? Did I
ruin the joke? Uh, come on, bro. That's
pretty good. Oh, for goodness sake. Dang
it. I was going to write I'll have them
all, bro. That is awful. Why is that?
All right, guys. This one you should be
able to get if you're not a nerd. Okay,
I'm not a nerd, so I'll get it
immediately. Well, feet. Um, I maybe
meant it the other way around. What is
this? What the hell? Wait, no. Let me
try it. Let me adjust. Is that a whip?
Why do you have a whip? Is it 50 Shades
of Gray?
Uh, fist. He's got two big fists. What
are you doing? I have no idea what this
is, Josh. And you're not.
Huh? What is bro doing? I don't know.
Bro, what is bro doing, bro? Okay. And
then are you going to give it away soon?
No, it's not like that. Are you okay? I
got it. Yeah. Good job, Josh. Good job.
Oh,
look at that. Come on, guys. That's
That's Now you see it. Now you see it. I
see it. I see now his hands are like
that. I don't know why. I like the
little chops on his hand. What do you
mean the hands are like that? It's the
blades coming out of his fists. That's
Yeah, the blades. Is that his pinkies?
This is easy. You should get this very
quickly. Okay.
Okay.
Uh Huh?
What? That's it. What? No, that's it.
Yeah. Uh window. What the hell is this,
dude? like that. Then I don't think you
actually do what you think you're doing.
You think you're cooking, but then
you're not. You're really not cooking,
bro. This is a mouth. This is a mouth.
And this is someone's hand. Is it a
monkey? It's someone's hand. This is
someone's hand. Yeah. I have no idea.
What's a mouth? Where's the mouth at?
Eating.
Where's the Oh, Josh is closed. Oh, shut
up, dude. You're not supposed to say
that. Oh my god. Okay, I actually I've
drawn the wrong thing. A you idiot. Oh
my god. This is not the first time. Oh
my god. I've picked the wrong bloody
thing. All right, there we go. Something
something a little bit easier. Okay. Are
you sure?
Is that a gun? What? What? What? Yeah.
Were you drawing somebody with a shotgun
in their mouth? I was drawing.
You said it was a mouth and then I was
drawing. I think that's not what he was.
Oh my god. Bro, that is so Why were you
drawing somebody with a shotgun in their
mouth? He wasn't doing that. He wasn't
doing that. He got it wrong. He messed
up. He's stupid. Yeah. How is that not
hiking? I'm just like imagining like
this guy this this guy as he's going
along the the way he's going.
You should do explain. I'm having so
much fun doing this activity out in
nature cuz I am a
I am a Wait, no. I'm drawing the wrong
thing. I had a feeling you were drawing
the wrong thing. Crap. Oh, he did it as
well. Um, okay. All right. So, that's a
road. There's a guy. He's got his thumb
up. But I've wrote that. Why am I What
is wrong with what I wrote? I don't
know. You did it wrong, bro. Oh,
hitchhiker.
Uh, I thought for a second a hitchhiker
was like You're both so stupid. Well,
English is my second language. Wrong.
No, the other one. You're just both
stupid, I guess. I don't know. By the
way, Finn. Yeah, Josh was writing sugar
catberry and you went he's close and you
and it was a shotgun. I didn't realize
it was a shotgun, dude. You thought it
was chocolate? I see. You guys are
making me go crazy. I swear. I thought I
picked chocolate and apparently it's
This might be the worst performance I've
ever seen from you two. No, I think I'm
doing pretty good. It's a drawing game,
guys. I just didn't realize that a
hitchhiker wasn't just a guy going
around in a forest. This is easy.
That's not a big deal, Josh. Everybody
can make that mistake.
Josh has already got it. What is that?
Uh
uh
blue
slip off.
Uh it's not Earth. It's not planet. Oh,
it's a globe.
Well, that's it. That's it, Finn. I
mean, that's it, bro. We're getting it.
Yo, your character looks exactly like
you, Craner, by the way.
Huh? Oh, yeah. Right. You nailed that.
The little buck tooth. Thank you. Finn
also looks a lot like him. You're the
only weird one. He's got one eye.
Damn. I am on fire today. Yes, Josh. I
am uh on fire. There's just because you
remember this from there's more
countries than that. Uh I mean, no, it's
not a country. Don't confuse Finn. Oh,
it's a continent. No, no, no, Finn.
Don't listen to him, please. I What the
hell is that? And how did Josh guess it
already?
That's a huge tree. Oh my god. It's an
island,
boy. I knew. I knew it. I knew.
Just try to make it.
Whoa. Two words. Don't overdo it now.
Oh, that's a mountain if I've ever seen
one. Or maybe a graph. This is showing
my viewers. What the hell, Finn? Oh,
I'll show your viewership. I am locking
in.
Flip you, Josh. How did you know what
that was? That's the easiest one yet, to
be honest. Oh, Mount Everest.
Oh, I didn't even get to put the flag on
top. God. Oh, Mount Everest. Shut up,
kid. You've lost all brain cells and now
you're just repeating what I'm saying.
You love me. No. All right. Ready? I
love your mom. Big difference. Yeah,
she's lovely person. Okay. She's lovely
person. Now I'm doing a crap. Fill this
in.
Well done. Well done. Well, thank you.
I'm really good at drawing. No, you
could just There's a fill tool, by the
way. You could have fill
I'll fill you in, you tool. Oh, that's
so What a bad job. That's not even
slightly good. That's great. What the
heck is that?
[Music]
Nah, nah. Nah, bro. Oh.
Uh,
really? She and Finn. But it's also a
it's it's also a um, you know, like one
of those things.
Ah,
right, Josh. Yeah,
I don't get it, Josh. I don't I just
don't get it. Come on, Josh. We're not
on the Craner channel uh right now. So,
but I'm just saying, how else you put
that word in there? How else am I
supposed to draw it, dude? Maybe not
draw Reishi putting his hand inside of
it. I don't Oh, for And also maybe just
draw the actual planet. Well, I don't
know what it looks like. That's just
freaking awful, dude. That That is
actually atrocious, man. Why is that
atrocious?
Huh?
Oh, yeah. That's Yeah, definitely. Get
boxy with my 4D fit. Can't lie. I I keep
forgetting to look at the words at the
top. Can't lie. It doesn't surprise me
cuz you're an idiot. Shut up. You're an
idiot. All right, lock in, guys. We're
about halfway through right now. You're
Finn, you're losing by a lot. Oh, not
really. Not a lot. I would say he's
doing decently fine. Oh, hey.
Got it.
What? Josh, how have you not got this?
You're actually an idiot, Josh. Bro,
Kina got one before you. Yeah.
Embarrassing. That's not the standard,
guys.
Oh, here we go. All right. All right.
All right, I've got this one. Okay. All
right.
Okay. Oh. All right. What's going on?
Oh, wait.
What? What? Dude. Ah.
Ah. That is That probably is the worst
I've ever seen. Wow. Genuinely is the
worst I've ever seen, actually. I was I
was even looking at it on Discord. Oh my
god, bro. This is I'll be honest. This
is kind of niche.
It's niche. I don't know if this is a
thing that you guys have, Karina. Okay.
What do you What
clouds? Wait, are you saying it's like
uniquely British or something? I I just
I I know that like is that a boat? I've
seen them before.
Oh, it's like uh Oh, yeah. I know what
it is. What are they called, though? I
don't What are they called? I don't I
don't I don't know. But it's like one of
those you you see in the Everglades,
isn't it? No. Oh, well, what the hell is
it then, Josh?
That's a cloud. It's a rain cloud. No,
it's not even got boat in the name. No,
that's that's a miss. I think you're
going to go, "Oh,
I for crying out loud." Seriously,
something like that. Yeah, that was
pretty bad. Now you see it right now.
You see it now? Now, yeah, I know that
was I know, but that was really bad,
Josh. What do you mean? You clearly both
it was. You just didn't think of the
name. That's the worst drawing you've
ever made. I'm saying it now. Still
going to be the best drawing you've ever
made, I guess. Oh god, you roasted me
there, didn't you? Why is it got green
features?
What the hell is it then? If it's not.
Oh,
dang it. Looks like Finn.
I wrote gases. G. Why? Well, is choosing
a word. Why did you change change your
name to Craner?
Shut up. Shut up. I like that you guys
always go for the four-letter words. I
feel like it explains a lot.
Huh?
What is that, Craner?
What is that, Craner? If your feet like
look like that, dude, you need to get
checked out right now. His feet are His
feet are strange, though, to be fair.
Yeah, I do have strange feet, Josh. You
know that about me. Um, okay. All right.
He He has the strange foots.
Are you doing a Oh, I thought you were
doing the logo logo. I hate these logo.
They're so annoying. Yeah, long words
scare me. Okay. 10 letters. Um,
cowboy hat. Okay. Okay. And then I guess
a little bit of this and a little bit of
that and then and
bro that's not that's skateboarding.
That's literally skate. You guys
literally can't spell like
Huh?
Dude. Oh my god.
Are you Are you Are you I gave that to
Craner. I actually gave that to Yeah,
you did.
Yeah. If you counted the letters, Finn,
you would have figured that one out.
Yeah. I never count the letters though,
bro. Yeah, he doesn't do that. I mean,
neither of you can count, so it kind of
I Hey, I can. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12. There you go. Look at that. Easy.
Yeah. Good job, dude. I feel like I'm
pulling ahead in points, guys. I give
you all of the easy ones. Finn, how does
it feel losing against someone that
can't even speak English? Yeah. Yeah.
How does that feel? To be fair, it's
down to your drawings at the end of the
day, you know, if I can't interpretate
the rubbish drawings.
You know what? I don't like you anymore.
Okay. Well, that's what you sound like
to me. So what credit? Can you just
check that you got the right word? Yeah,
I do. I do. I mean, but you know, it's
it's um you got to think what it is and
not what you're you're seeing really.
You know, maybe there's a couple of
these around, you know,
maybe there's um maybe there's a little
squirrel running around out Yeah, I
wrote forest, but like out out here in
there's a lot of animals out here in uh
it's not a zoo.
Uh look at all these squirrels out here
in Yeah.
nature. Out here in nature, boys.
Bro, that was terrible. That was
terrible, bro. I like this one. You're
going to like this one. You're going to
lie this one. Okay. I'm lagging already.
All right. All right. All right. Ready?
That's That's a very round head. That's
a big old head right there. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. What are you doing? Eyeball.
All right. You guys ready? You guys
ready? You guys ready? You guys ready?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh my god. Oh my god, dude. Oh my god.
Oh no. How do you How do you spell Oh
no. No. Oh my. It took me a while. Ben,
dude, you literally have one. You have
one your English. It's hard to spell,
dude. Is it spelled differently? Yeah. I
don't I don't think that's right. I
think whoever spelled that spell it,
bro.
How Oh, there's different spellings.
Yeah. Well, I mean, how do you spell it?
That's
I'm going to calm down. Yeah, please.
You can take that up with Rishi. He made
the list. I don't know why I was I knew
the US one. I guess that's crazy. Come
on, Finn. Choose a word and let me get
some guessing. Calm down. Draw something
nice so you can calm down, Finn. Oh,
look at that. It's a gray man. Oh, with
a with a weird propeller hat on it.
Yeah, it's a propeller hat. What? And
so, and then and then Okay. Oh, a brown
uh face. Trying to get How have you just
got that? That is literally like how
wasn't that great? That's not that
difficult. I just I figured if it wasn't
a child, it was probably about the
adult.
Is that a swing set? Okay. All right.
You think that's a swing set? That's
clearly a fishing rod.
Seriously, it's a playground. I thought
you were banned from those. That's
frustrating. I was actually, you know, I
considered so many possibilities of
drawing this, but ended up on the good
one because I already I did the Uranus
thing and I don't feel like I'm popular
for that. Yeah, I agree. Is that trash
bin?
No, it's not Finn. Uh, what is Oh, why
does it have eyes?
Oh, easy. Easy.
When you say easy, it makes it sound
like what you're saying is that you
thought it was a good picture. So, I
appreciate that. Yeah, good picture,
Josh. Good picture. It's called a
drawing, you idiot.
Sorry. So, pictures can't be drawn.
Okay, so how do I No, that would be a
be a painting.
Going to draw. Is that a skull?
Yeah. How do I What could it possibly
be, Kina? Is that a skull? Shut up. It's
a butterfly. This is This is actually a
That was a good That's so not good,
dude. That's so I think it was pretty
good. So not good. All right, guys.
We're closing in. Let's see if uh
anyone's going to make a comeback. We
are literally a thousand points away
from each other. This is the most
untening of a scribble video I think
I've ever seen in my life. No. Oh my
god. Not one of a not a craner special,
dude. Oh,
that could be anything, dude.
What the hell is that?
Hey, what even is that, dude? It's a
crater special right there. I don't know
what that is, bro. Dogs? Why dogs?
There's one. There's only one dog there.
I don't know. What the hell? It's
getting worse. Good luck for it for me,
Jana. What? That's not a bear. How is
that not a bear? Oh, because it's a Oh,
dear. deer. Oh, god. That looks like a
deer, too. Nope.
No, it absolutely doesn't. Yes, it does.
Nope. All right, guys. All right, this
one. Looks like a freaking brown
sausage, dude. Use your brains. Okay.
God, I don't like doing that, but I
Actually, I'll make this crane out. Draw
the nose.
What the hell?
Oh,
easy. Thank you. Thank you. Round
glazing. The final round. Easy. No is
choosing a word. What's it going to be,
dude? Finn is going to lose no matter
what happens at this point. I'm just
soaking in the sweet, sweet W. No, no,
no. Creep it. Keep it. Keep it intense,
Craner. You never know. Victory Royale.
No. What? Keep it intense. Is that bed
sheets?
What?
Uh, interesting. You realize that you um
um you realize that you cannot type.
Yeah. Yeah. It's okay. It's okay. It's
the last round. That Okay. You don't
make up the rules like that, bro. What
is he doing? I don't know. Oh, does that
mean he's like messing around? Nah, I
think he's still like doing it, but it
just doesn't make a lot of sense, does
it? It It does. It does. It makes sense,
bro. What? Josh, it doesn't make sense,
Finn. It like It doesn't. It It It
literally does. It literally does. It
literally doesn't. How How do you always
guess it even though it doesn't make
sense? Because I had to like lock in and
think like you idiots. Oh. Uh
I don't I don't know, bro. Finn Craner
stopped last time for you, so you just
play it as it own game, you know? Yeah,
I will. I don't know what this could be.
You have to be such an idiot to not
guess this one. Oh, scribble.
Ah. Ah.
Ah. All right. There's like two more
drawings to go, guys. Is it someone
going to pull ahead? Let's find out.
What? What is that? The hell does that
mean, dude? Why are you going shing?
What does shing What does that mean? I
don't get it. cry now. Can you just
What? Okay, look at this then. Okay.
Okay. Yeah. Now, check this out. No.
What?
Yeah. There you go. There you go. I get
it. I get it. Am I toss? I don't get it.
You've lost your ability to speak,
idiot.
Yeah, there it is. Josh. All right,
boys. Now for the final drawing of the
day. The final round. Okay. I don't
know. A fourletter word.
What the hell?
Oh, Josh. What is It looks like a
turtle, bro. Yeah, but it can't be.
What are these things called that I'm
thinking of?
It's a easy bro. That's a great picture,
Josh. That's a great picture. It's like
a manatee.
Manity. That's the English version cuz
it's man, but instead of a man, but
instead of one of those, it's Oh, it's
called a seal. That's what it's called.
It's a great singer. The seals aren't
like that that big. But there we go.
Catching up to that might be a new
record for me. Yeah, that 6,200 points.
That's a lot, bro. Shame.